Reward splitter (#479)
stakewise/v3-operator: README.md

Harvesting the Vault rewards simplifies the contract calls to the Vault contract and reduces the gas fees for stakers,
for example, the Vault does not need to sync rewards before calling deposit when a user stakes.

### Automated withdrawals (Reward splitter)

> It is possible to set up automatic withdrawals of Vault staking rewards. To enable automated withdrawals pass `--split-rewards`  flag to the Operator Service start command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to periodically withdraw rewards for the vault’s fee shareholders. To enable this, set the wallet address connected to the operator as the `Fee Claimer` in the `Roles` tab under the vault’s Settings. Additionally, you must pass the --split-rewards flag when starting the Operator Service.
```

Periodic withdrawal task relies on Reward Splitter contract. The task combines the following contract calls into a multicall:

- Harvest vault rewards from Keeper
- Withdraw Splitter rewards on behalf of each shareholder. Rewards withdrawn will go to exit queue.
- Claim exited assets on behalf of each shareholder. Assets claimed will go directly to shareholder address.

> The automated withdrawals interval can be adjusted via the `REWARD_SPLITTER_INTERVAL` env variable, with every 6 hours being the default.

Reviewer: Let's default to 24 hours
